---
layout: post
title: Odd software license
category: FOSS
---


For a commercial project, permission is granted to use the
com.oreilly.servlet.* packages provided that every person on the
development team for that project owns a copy of the book Java Servlet
Programming (O'Reilly) in its most recent edition. The most recent
edition is currently the 2nd Edition, available in association with
Amazon.com at
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0596000405/jasonhunter.

http://www.servlets.com/cos/
http://www.servlets.com/cos/license.html

 
This book also contains a set of utility classes—they are used by the
servlet examples, and you may find them helpful for your own
general-purpose servlet development. These classes are contained in the
com.oreilly.servlet package. Among other things, there are classes to
help servlets parse parameters, handle file uploads, generate multipart
responses (server push), negotiate locales for internationalization,
return files, manage socket connections, and act as RMI servers. There’s
even a class to help applets communicate with servlets. The source code
for the com.oreilly.servlet package is contained within the text; the
latest version is also available online (with javadoc documentation)
from http://www.oreilly.com/catalog/jservlet/ and
http://www.servlets.com.
https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/java-servlet-programming/156592391X/pr01s02.html
Java Servlet Programming
By Jason Hunter
November 1998


If you think your use of code examples falls outside fair use or the
permission given here, feel free to contact us at
permissions@oreilly.com.
https://resources.oreilly.com/examples/9781565923911
